Adding AC Security doc to public docset (#379)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.25/10_certified-image/security.md

---
title: "Astronomer Certified Security"
navtitle: "Security"
description: "Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures identified within our Astronomer Certified Images."
---

## Overview

This page is the source of truth for any Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) identified within any of our supported Astronomer Certified images for Apache Airflow.

Currently, all supported Astronomer Certified images are listed in two places:

- [Astronomer Downloads](/downloads/)
- [Astronomer's Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/ap-airflow?tab=tags)

> If you run on Astronomer Cloud or Enterprise, you can refer to our [Airflow Versioning Doc](/docs/enterprise/v0.25/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions/) for detailed guidelines on how to upgrade between Airflow versions on the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run on Astronomer Cloud or Enterprise, refer to [Upgrade Apache Airflow on Astronomer](/docs/enterprise/v0.25/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions/) for detailed guidelines on how to upgrade between Airflow versions on the platform.
```

## Reporting Vulnerabilities and Security Concerns

Vulnerability reports for Astronomer Certified should be sent to [security@astronomer.io](mailto:security@astronomer.io). All security concerns, questions and requests should be directed here.

When we receive a request, our dedicated security team will evaluate and validate it. If we confirm a vulnerability, we’ll allocate internal resources towards identifying and publishing a resolution in an updated image. The timeline within which vulnerabilities are addressed will depend on the severity level of the vulnerability and its impact.

> Once a resolution has been confirmed, we'll release it in the next major or minor Astronomer Certified image and publish details to this page in the section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a resolution has been confirmed, we'll release it in the next major, minor, or patch Astronomer Certified image and publish details to this page in the section below.
```

> > **Note:** All other Airflow and product support requests should be directed to [Astronomer's Support Portal](support.astronomer.io), where our team's Airflow Engineers are ready to help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** All other Airflow and product support requests should be directed to [Astronomer's Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io), where our team's Airflow Engineers are ready to help.
```
